generic-y += asm-offsets.h
generic-y += atomic.h
generic-y += bitops.h
generic-y += bitsperlong.h
generic-y += bpf_perf_event.h
generic-y += bug.h
generic-y += bugs.h
generic-y += checksum.h
generic-y += clkdev.h
generic-y += cmpxchg.h
generic-y += cmpxchg-local.h
generic-y += compat.h
generic-y += cputime.h
generic-y += device.h
generic-y += div64.h
generic-y += dma.h
generic-y += dma-mapping.h
generic-y += emergency-restart.h
generic-y += errno.h
generic-y += exec.h
generic-y += export.h
generic-y += fb.h
generic-y += fcntl.h
generic-y += ftrace.h
generic-y += gpio.h
generic-y += hardirq.h
generic-y += hw_irq.h
generic-y += ioctl.h
generic-y += ioctls.h
generic-y += irq.h
generic-y += irq_regs.h
generic-y += irq_work.h
generic-y += kdebug.h
generic-y += kmap_types.h
generic-y += kprobes.h
generic-y += kvm_para.h
generic-y += limits.h
generic-y += local.h
generic-y += mm-arch-hooks.h
generic-y += mman.h
generic-y += parport.h
generic-y += pci.h
generic-y += percpu.h
generic-y += preempt.h
generic-y += sections.h
generic-y += segment.h
generic-y += serial.h
generic-y += shmbuf.h
generic-y += sizes.h
generic-y += stat.h
generic-y += switch_to.h
generic-y += timex.h
generic-y += topology.h
generic-y += trace_clock.h
generic-y += xor.h
generic-y += unaligned.h
generic-y += user.h
generic-y += vga.h
generic-y += word-at-a-time.h
